h1. SimpleConverter

h2. Description

SimpleConverter is very simple document convertor. Allows use of plugins for conversion between different document formats.

h2. 3rd party software, libraries, etc.

SimpleConverter depends on following libraries:
* Managed Extensibility Framework - "http://mef.codeplex.com/(http://mef.codeplex.com/)":http://mef.codeplex.com/
* GPPG shift reduce parser library - "http://gppg.codeplex.com/(http://gppg.codeplex.com/)":http://gppg.codeplex.com/

SimpleConverter is using following software for generation of document scanner and parser:
* Gardens Point LEX - "http://gplex.codeplex.com/(http://gplex.codeplex.com/)":http://gplex.codeplex.com/
* Gardens Point Parser Generator - "http://gppg.codeplex.com/(http://gppg.codeplex.com/)":http://gppg.codeplex.com/

Other used resources:
* Silk icon set 1.3 - "http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/(http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/)":http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/

h2. License

SimpleConverter - universal document converter
Copyright (C) 2011  Lukáš Černý

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see &lt;http://www.gnu.org/licenses/&gt;.
